>> Steve Kinney: So my challenge to you is
with these we wrote the reversal together,
great, but now we have to figure out
some of this transformation part right?
And so my challenge for you is to
instead taking some of that written,
to write your own right?
You're gonna need to modify your language,
so I'm gonna take it for a spin.
All right, so let's try it together.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm not gonna give
this a particularly good test name.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, anyone have
any strong opinions on what we should do?
If not,
you're gonna leave me time [CROSSTALK].
>> Speaker 2: I did an inverse function.
>> Steve Kinney: Like
swapping the arguments?
>> Speaker 2: Negative one exponent.
You could swap.
That's a good one.
I like swapping.
>> Steve Kinney: For
addition and multiplication,
swapping the arguments
will do literally nothing.
Yeah, we did the inverse.
I'm trying to think.
We could also change some strings.
We could also even if we wanted to add
the ability to use a plus operator and
swap that in for ad, right?
Let's actually go with that.
That one sounds fun, so
I'll grab this ast up here.
>> Steve Kinney: And
now we wanna add the ability.
Maybe it's in a new special syntax for
a language where they can use regular
operators, which you can do in scheme and
closure and stuff along those lines.
We can have that.
We wanna actually transpile it to be
able to visit all the call express and
see, okay if they're a name of plus.
And we could extend this further, right?
And so if you also wanna try
it out yourself as well and
maybe swap out minus for subtract, so
on and so forth you can do that as well.
Cool, so that means that we care
about every single call expression.
We don't care about string laterals.
I mean,
we could have one that upper cases.
Again, it's more about practicing
the pattern than doing anything
particularly useful.
This point of our
languages is pretty small.
[LAUGH] But we can take a look and
we can see that the visitor.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go ahead and
make one.
We'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: Our
visitor,
>> Steve Kinney: Cares about
callExpressions.
>> Steve Kinney: And
it's gonna do it on entering them.
>> Steve Kinney: So
we care mostly about the node.
We're not going up to the parents,
or anything along those lines, so
we'll go ahead and go do that.
And we'll say, if,
>> Steve Kinney: Node.name.
>> Steve Kinney: Give
it a little plus sign.
>> Steve Kinney: You know what?
It doesn't anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, and
that's really effectively all we need to
do because we've put the pattern in place.
You get to have this kind of declarative
way that you wanna go about doing it.
And so we traverse the tree as
you can see up here, right?
We've called it an ast.
We can go in and visit it, and then it
should make all the changes for us,
unless we've made some
kind of terrible mistake.
So we'll traverse.
>> Steve Kinney: Ast, with our visitor,
and I think you saw the very first test.
You can have one that cares
about multiple nodes.
It does a whole series of things,
absolutely, and then we'll expect.
That ast.name,
>> Steve Kinney: To be add.
All right, let's run that real quick.
Make sure I don't mess
anything up because.
>> Steve Kinney: That's not the right one.
Why is everything?
I don't want everything.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and so it works, right?
We can now modify this.
Now, we've danced around the fact
that one of the reasons you
might wanna modify is to have
a compile target, right?
These have been interesting and
fun cuz they made sense.
But what if we wanted to go ahead and
visit in a way that we could get it
ready to work with Babble, right?
So one of the things that you can do
is look at what the Babble tree does.
And if we get our ast to conform
to one of the Babble respects,
then we're able to use Babble
as a generator, right?
So let's go over to that ast explorer.
And let's see what
an add 2 + 2 function or
whatever looks like there, right?
>> Steve Kinney: So let's say,
I'm gonna give myself some space here so
I don't have that five-times
zoom in become a problem.
Right, and so we know that our language
currently has concepts like this.